# Java Client SDK for the CyberSource REST API

The CyberSource Java client provides convenient access to the [CyberSource REST API](https://developer.cybersource.com/api/reference/api-reference.html) from your Java application.

## Requirements

Java 1.8.

***Support for higher versions of JDK (>= 1.9.0) has not been made available.***

## Installation

* Maven Dependency:

```xml
        <dependency>
			<groupId>com.cybersource</groupId>
			<artifactId>cybersource-rest-client-java</artifactId>
			<version>0.0.4</version>
		</dependency>
```
* Gradle Dependency
````
dependencies {
  compile 'com.cybersource:cybersource-rest-client-java:0.0.4'
}
````

## Registration & Configuration
Use of this SDK and the CyberSource APIs requires having an account on our system. You can find details of getting a test account and creating your keys [here](https://developer.cybersource.com/api/developer-guides/dita-gettingstarted/registration.html) 

Remember this SDK is for use in server-side Java applications that access the CyberSource REST API and credentials should always be securely stored and accessed appropriately. 


## SDK Usage Examples and Sample Code
To get started using this SDK, it's highly recommended to download our sample code repository:
* [Cybersource Java Sample Code Repository (on GitHub)](https://github.com/CyberSource/cybersource-rest-samples-java)

In that respository, we have comprehensive sample code for all common uses of our API:

Additionally, you can find details and examples of how our API is structured in our API Reference Guide:
* [Developer Center API Reference](https://developer.cybersource.com/api/reference/api-reference.html)

The API Reference Guide provides examples of what information is needed for a particular request and how that information would be formatted. Using those examples, you can easily determine what methods would be necessary to include that information in a request using this SDK.

## MetaKey Support
Meta Key is a key generated by an entity that can be used to authenticate on behalf of other entities provided that the entity which holds key is a parent entity or associated as a partner.

## OAuth Support
The CyberSource OAuth2.0 Authorization Server (or API Auth Service) will issue access tokens (based on merchant user credentials) to CyberSource or third-party Applications. These applications can access CyberSource API's on the merchant's behalf, using the access tokens.
During application registration, third-party application developers are issued a client_id and optionally a client_secret (if they can be considered a confidential client, for example a web application). Requesting an access token is fairly straightforward:  Use the CyberSource token URL and include a set of form-urlencoded parameters.
For more detailed information on OAuth, refer to the link - https://developer.cybersource.com/api/developer-guides/OAuth/cybs_extend_intro.html

Set the run environment to OAuth enabled URLs. OAuth only works in these run environments.
```
   	// For TESTING use
	props.setProperty("runEnvironment", "CyberSource.Environment.MutualAuth.SANDBOX");
	// For PRODUCTION use
	//props.setProperty("runEnvironment", "CyberSource.Environment.MutualAuth.PRODUCTION");
```

### Switching between the sandbox environment and the production environment
Cybersource maintains a complete sandbox environment for testing and development purposes. This sandbox environment is an exact duplicate of our production environment with the transaction authorization and settlement process simulated. By default, this SDK is configured to communicate with the sandbox environment. To switch to the production environment, set the `runEnvironment` property in the SDK Configuration.  See our sample at https://github.com/CyberSource/cybersource-rest-samples-java/blob/master/src/main/java/Data/Configuration.java.  

```java
// For TESTING use
props.setProperty("runEnvironment", "CyberSource.Environment.SANDBOX");
// For PRODUCTION use
//props.setProperty("runEnvironment", "CyberSource.Environment.PRODUCTION");
```

API credentials are different for each environment, so be sure to switch to the appropriate credentials when switching environments.



## License
This repository is distributed under a proprietary license. See the provided [`LICENSE.txt`](/LICENSE.txt) file.
